hi my name is Mark I'm from MK sound
design I've purchased recently 15 inch
powered 1,000 watt Pyle speakers for two
hundred and fifteen dollars ugly may
have been 211 now I have Q SEK tens as
my main speakers I do weddings and
private parties and such but here's a P
pH P 1585 a powered 1000 watt Pyle
speaker for $200 compared to the $700 I
spent on my Q SEK tens now why would I
purchase these this is a backup also
they carry a good heavy bass they'll
carry your highs and your lows and you
could spread them as I'll show you here
shortly
you could set your base on these pile
speakers and you can really pull it up
you could do whatever you want with them
once you see all the connections they
have they have three line inputs and
they have two outputs that you can you
know daisy chain them any way you want
I'm going to be daisy chaining these off
of actual q SEK tens and I'm on point
those K tens right at the dance floor
I'm gonna turn the volume down but the
bass up on these then I don't have to
take my subwoofer
now here they are I hope I'm getting
this can't spin the camera around but
you got your mic levelling you're lying
level your power volume and your trouble
and your bass okay you could set that
bass up turn the treble down bring the
bass out you know for the whole room I
mean you're looking at 15 inches two-way
speakers you got all your connections
here and then of course you've got your
made in China you know your power and
your power on and off there now these
are powered pile speakers okay and I
hope I got that I'm going to just give
it a little more so you can see that
then I'm gonna come over here and show
you this is the pile speaker and they
are slightly heavy but look what it is I
mean it's it's actually a very good
speaker you're looking at 15 inches here
two-way speakers okay two hundred to two
hundred and fifteen dollars I'm not
trying to sell them but I couldn't find
anything regarding the pile speaker
especially this one nothing and other
pile speakers I see some bad things
about them I'd see very little good but
I'm gonna have to give thumbs up to the
pile power speaker 1000 watt you're
looking at two hundred fifteen dollars
come on like I said the QSC K tens I
have them they're great speakers but
they're $700 and if you're starting out
and you're on a budget this is what I
would start with right here